Update dependencies and docs for date slot release (#249)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-datepicker: docs/api.md

| Name                 | Description                                      |
|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------|

> | `date_MM_DD_YYYY`    | Defines the content to display in the auro-calendar-cell for the specified date. The content text is highlighted green when the `highlight` attribute is used on the slot. |

Reviewer: We should avoid the word green because it assumes the value of the token used. 
```suggestion
| `date_MM_DD_YYYY`    | Defines the content to display in the auro-calendar-cell for the specified date. The content text is colored using the success state token when the `highlight` attribute is applied to the slot. |
```
